In the previous lecture, we created this record right now.
Let's try to delete this record and this we have already seen in one of the previous lectures, right?
Let's go to postmen.
And this is the student we want to delete.
That is equal to one.
So, Jane, these two adedipe, delete and call disappear.
See, we got some error.
OK, cannot delete or update a parent through a forensic sunstein fees.
Which one subject's learning?
Why?
Because now we have this table, right?
Which is basically digestible for a first roundtable so we can directly delete or get this particular
record from the student table before we delete these two records.
Because for these two records, which one is the parent record that we have in the student table, this
one will give extended equal to one, you see.
Now we have this point in the subject learning table stranded equal to one.
So if we want to delete the student first is we need to delete these two subjects or whatever OK for
that particular student.
First, we need to delete the records from the tile table and then we can delete from the parent table.
So let's see, how do I do this?
While working with spelling that AGP jump to as do is stop the Springwood application.
Let's go to our subjects lending entity, Glassie.
This is how we have done the mapping right from subject to student.
It is.
Many do one mapping so in reverse.
We can say that from student to subject, it is one to many relationship.
So let's define OK in our student entity glass or here.
Private list of.
Subjects learning.
Learning good.
Copy this one.
And imported Darla, you will list so it.
Vilest because a particular student can be learning one or more than one subject.
OK, so we need to provide a list of over daily tables and glass.
You know what example subjects learning?
So on top of it, we need to mark this one, OK?
Listen, keep as one too many like this one.
Not very over actually mapping.
OK, using the foreign key column, this one, right, using the joint column.
And this is the field we have right in the subject's landing.
Whatever variable, whatever you define, look just copied and go to this annotation.
OK, one too many here mapping by attribute equal to this field.
Whatever you have defined in your title tables and glass, OK, and then gas get equal to gasket type.
Not all.
That's it.
Let's get a sense that there's.
For this one.
Select on and generate format Soviet.
Now let's renovate Springwood Obligation.
Jump to Portman now, let's try to delay this student again, OK?
Let's see if we are getting this error again or not.
Call this a b.
See, we got a sexist response, OK for our two zero four.
Let's verify in the database first in the subject's landing.
See, two records got deleted from the tile table and from the table.
This one also got deleted.
So when you have a sexual relationship using the foreign key concept and you want to delete the records
right from the parent table, then this is how you need to handle using this kind of mapping.
Okay, one too many or whatever and use this attribute on a map.
Because here we can do a joint column or edit column, in addition.
OK.
This is the parent table.
So you need to go to your daily table and ridiculous and whatever field you define right for your parent
table, the class.
This will you need to put in your parent one word here and cascade equal to casket type on.
Don't forget to get dozens that does OK.
Not the same thing is applicable for department as well, because we know what eight in one department
we can help one or more than one students.
So a separate example inside the computer science department.
OK?
There are five student entries OK you have in this table.
For example, let's zoom, OK?
And if you directly want to delete the computer science department, then you will get the same error
that we have seen in the lecture, right?
Just be for a few minutes.
So the same thing you need to do, OK?
Let me copy this.
And so you.
Stop this one.
So this is our parent one, right?
Go here.
He had our child table and tinted glasses student went right.
So this is students and how we are doing the mapping inside this one, this one department.
Copy this one.
This is our department one would on here.
That's it.
This is also one to many relationship, right from department to student.
It is one too many, isn't it?
And don't forget, get us sense that as OK.
Standard format it and save it.
That's it.
This is all you need to do.
We have tested by deleting the student table's entry right now here.
You can test out yourself, book by reading from the department tables, entry, how some departments
and inside the department create some students and then try to delete them completely department.
It should work.
So this is an assignment for you.
You will get the source code along with this lecture.
So try it out yourself.
So this is how you can delete the record when you have security lessons while working with spring that
arrest.
That's all for now, and we'll proceed further.
The next lecture?
Thank you very much.